now it is time for the sports and
Academy game of the week now to be
sports and outdoors game of the week and
drusen Hemingway here we go anyway
taking on Andrews at the jungle
Hemingway off the read option
Xavier Weaver on a 25-yard run inside
the Andrew ten Weaver making it look
easy
a short time later give the ball to the
big man Omar Montgomery he kicks it
outside and then he scores the extra
point no good but your Tigers up six
nothing we move the second quarter
Weaver goes long to Clarence Jones great
grab there that one to the 10 yard line
Hemingway going back to the grounds
Presley taking it in scampering find in
room and following his blockers he's in
the end zone it's 14 nothing Hemingway
just before the half
Andrew driving but this pass is going to
be picked off by none other than
Clarence Jones at mr. Joe home he's
looking good on that play boy that was a
nice int there
Hemingway up 14 zip at the half 3rd
quarter Hemingway having a little
trouble with their blocking up front de
montreuil rights would tackle Weaver in
the end zone for the safety so it's 14
to Andrew gets it back and they'll cash
in again Williams Lewis William Lewis
william Lewis breaks off a nice run down
into the Hemingway goal line that leads
to CJ Boone oh bone
taking it in up the middle on the read
option keeper cuts the Hemingway leads
at 14 8 a little bit later more on Boone
and mr. bone
later on Andrews great defense here
right with a tackle for the loss on the
next play Hemingway back at it again but
unfortunately they fumble the rock
Tyreke steal grabs the loose ball the
Yellowjackets are back in business and
guess who gets the ball I said it a
minute ago that bone was the male
and CJ delivers the short pass to steal
for a touchdown Andrews would take a
1514 lead but give the Tigers credits
Hemingway would rally late to score and
win it they take this one 22 to 15 to
remain perfect on the season at five and
OH handing the Yellowjackets their third
loss of the season
Hemingway will look to go to six and own
next week at lat